Abstract class must have only abstract methods. True or false?

 Is it compulsory for a class which is declared as abstract to have at least one abstract method?

Can we use the “abstract” keyword with constructor, Instance Initialization Block and Static Initialization Block?

Why can final and abstract can not be used at a time?
Can we instantiate a class which does not have even a single abstract method but declared as abstract?

Can we declare abstract methods as private? Justify your answer?

We can’t instantiate an abstract class. Then why constructors are allowed in abstract class?

 Can we declare abstract methods as static?

 Can a class contain an abstract class as a member?

Abstract classes can be nested. True or false?

Can we declare abstract methods as synchronized?

Can we declare the local inner class as abstract?

Can abstract method declaration include throws clause?

Can we re-assign a value to a field of interfaces?

Can we declare an Interface with an “abstract” keyword?

 For every Interface in java, .class file will be generated after compilation. True or false?

 Can we override an interface method with visibility other than public?

 Can interfaces become local members of the methods?

Can an interface extend a class?

Like classes, does interfaces also extend Object class by default?

Can interfaces have static methods?

Can an interface have a class or another interface as it’s members?

What are marker interfaces? What is the use of marker interfaces?

What is the use of the final keyword in java?

Can we change the state of an object to which a final reference variable is pointing?

What is the main difference between abstract methods and final methods?

What is the use of final class?

Can we change the value of an interface field? If not, why?

Where can we initialize a final non-static global variable if it is not initialized at the time of declaration?

What are final class, final method and final variable?

Where can we initialize a final static global variable if it is not initialized at the time of declaration?

Can we use non-final local variables inside a local inner class?

Can we declare constructors as final?

Can you create an object without using a new operator in Java?
